Improves lazy/eager, bundle engine & roadmap documentation (#53)
ember-engines/ember-engines.com: markdown/guide/creating-an-engine.md

To create an engine within an existing application's project, run the
`in-repo-engine` generator:

```bash
ember g in-repo-engine <engine-name>
```

> > Note: In-repo addons currently are created in the `/lib` directory (e.g. `/lib/my-addon`). Unit tests and integration tests are currently co-mingled with tests for the main application. It's recommended that in-repo engines provide better test separation than is provided for regular addons, and perhaps the whole in-repo addon directory structure should be re-examined at the same time in-repo engines are introduced.

Reviewer: > It's recommended that in-repo engines provide better test separation than is provided for regular addons, and perhaps the whole in-repo addon directory structure should be re-examined at the same time in-repo engines are introduced.

I don't understand why this sentence should be in a Quickstart guide to creating an engine.

Author: is not it important to talk about how an in-repo addon will work? We can remove it if it is undercut.

Reviewer: I think this sentence is an action item for the engines team, and just adds confusion to someone starting a new engine. The sentence "Unit tests and integration tests are currently co-mingled with tests for the main application." covers most of it. You could follow this with a warning: "A separate repo should be used for your engine if you wish to avoid this co-mingling."

Author: fixed @dgeb

Using the blueprint in-repo-engine, ember-cli has added all the appropriate files to create a new app structure.

> If you want to do is to depend on the `common` in-repo addon, so we can re-use the common elements within the engine. Let’s take a look at `lib/super-blog/package.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to share elements between an in-repo engine and application, you could do so with an in-repo addon. For example, the following in-repo engine's package (`lib/super-blog/package.json`) references the `common` in-repo addon:
```
